[Doc] Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#35571)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Building using pnpm

> Run `pnpm build` from anywhere in the repo to build any projects that have been modified since the last build.

Author: ```suggestion
Run `pnpm build` from repo root directory to build any projects that have been modified since the last build.
```

> Run `pnpm build` from anywhere in the repo to build any projects that have been modified since the last build.

Author: right only the root one calls turbo to build all projects (with cache).
